Idea list

1. ShakespaereFit App
    
    Most people have a hard time knowing what to do when they
    get to the gym and eventually it even detures them from
    going to the gym all together. This most often leads to 
    living an unhealthy lifestyle and could possibly lead to 
    chronic disease in the future. 

    The ShakespaereFit app eliminates this issue all together.
    the user inputs all of their objective data, like body weight,
    resting heartrate, height, age, and more. By using this data, 
    the ShakespaereFit app will automatically produce a workout 
    for you with the exact weights and reps you should use. Are you a beginner?
    No worries, this app will tailor all the workouts to your 
    experience level and gradually progress your workouts until
    you've looked and felt the best you ever have.

2.  Never Miss A Swing

    Are you an avid sports ethusiast, but always seem to miss your 
    teams play? Or maybe you would like to see your teams play but 
    never know what channel they are playing on?

    The Never Miss A Swing app is a quick site to help you on 
    the most important day of your life. Gameday. Simply login and
    you will imediately see when your team plays next, where, and 
    the average cost of tickets for that game. 

3. MCAT study help

    Are you an aspiring doctor, but study for the MCAT is just too
    daunting? Or maybe you want to go hang out with some friends, but
    your books are calling your name?

    MCAT study help to the rescue! Using spaced repetition techniques,
    This study help app will get you closer to tagging Dr. to the front 
    of your name. With its database of mcat flashcards, you can study from 
    home or on the go. Are you having a hard time memorizing all of the amino
    aicds? No problem. This app will show you the cards you are having trouble 
    with more often than the ones you have down pat. 
    
4. Record Collector
    
    Collecting records has become more and more popular over the last
    few years. Sometimes you have the urge to buy a record, but you dont
    know where to get it, how much it will cost, or even what record to buy.

    This one stop shop will take care of all of the heavy lifting. When creating
    an account, you will enter objective data that will help narrow your search. 
    Based on your data, you will be recommended records to buy, where to buy them 
    and how much they cost. Oh you want to sell some records? We got you. This app
    will show you where to sell you record and how much you can get for it!

5. Weight loss buddy

    Setting some new year resolutions? Trying to lose some weight? Pair the weight loss
    buddy with your gym/diet habits and see your layers shed! The weight 

    The weight loss buddy will track your weight loss journey and your daily
    calorie consumption. It will tell you how many calories you need to burn that day in
    exercise and alert you when you are close to a user customized milestone goal!

